

    Bootstrapped stepwise covariate model building from NONMEM models.
        




    The Bootstrap Stepwise Covariate Model (BOOT_SCM) building tool 
    of PsN implements bootstrapped model selection for a
    covariate model. It relies on the SCM tool of PsN.
        
    A configuration file must be given as input. The format of the configuration 
    file follows the format of the scm configuration file exactly.
    

    Example:
    
    boot_scm config_run1.scm -samples=100



    The options are given here in their long form. Any option may be
    abbreviated to any nonconflicting prefix. The -threads option may
    be abbreviated to -thr but -debug may not be abbreviated to -d 
    because it conflicts with -debug_packages and -debug_subroutines.

    The following options are valid:


      -dummy_covariates=

    Default not used. 
    Add randomized versions of these covariates to check Type 1 error.

      -methodA

    Default not set. Use method A with linearized scm.

    Default not set. Run final model from each scm on the full dataset
    and collect ofv statistics.

      -samples=N

    The number of samples.

      -stratify_on=integer|string

      It may be necessary to use stratification in the resampling
      procedure. For example, if the original data consists of two
      groups of patients - say 10 patients with full pharmacokinetic
      profiles and 90 patients with sparse steady state concentration
      measurements - it may be wise to restrict the resampling
      procedure to resample within the two groups, producing bootstrap
      data sets that all contain 10 rich + 90 sparse data patients but
      with different compositions. The default is not to use
      stratification. Set -stratify_on to
      the column that defines the two groups. If a string is used with
      stratify_on the header in the datafile is used to map the string
      to a column number.
      The stratification variable must be found in the original dataset.


    Also see 'scm -h' for a list of scm options,
    and 'psn_options -h' for a description of common options.

